Remove obsolete docs (#84)
openSUSE/openSUSE-docs-revamped-temp: project/docs/alternative_procurement.md

*   You plan on using many user applications (the more Flatpaks you have, the more dependencies they can share).

> ## Snaps

Reviewer: I don't like snaps, never have, never will. But wouldn't be more judicious to gently discourage the users to use snaps, instead of not mentioning them at all? This is a pattern I've tried to follow in the docs: when facing the choice between red flags and no flag, I've tried to go with the red flags because the effects it has is more controllable than the no-flag option.

Author: You're welcome to do so and you've been encouraged to do so for a while. I would not even mention it hence the removal. Soon enough AppImages will be unsupported as well, it is in fact already discouraged.

Reviewer: Does that mean that you'd be OK if this part mentioned snaps for recommending against using them instead of removing all references to snaps?

Reviewer: Sorry, I didn't understand if you were Ok with adding red flags instead of removing simpliciter. Also, I've done some research but I couldn't find evidence that snaps were not recommended on either Leap or Tumbleweed. Do you have evidence that this is the case? Or is it just MicroOS that does not support them?

!!! Warning

>     AppImages are not recommended, and some _openSUSE_ distributions like _MicroOS_ [not even supporting it](https://bugzilla.opensuse.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1198653)

Reviewer: I've done a little research but I couldn't find evidence that AppImages were not recommended on either Leap or Tumbleweed. Do you have evidence that this is the case? Or is it just MicroOS that does not support them?

Author: One thing is that MicroOS is absolutely not supporting it, the other that it is not recommended to use it. The "not recommended" bit is that using an AppImage requires the user to pretty much blindly trust the source while AppImages are not offering any meaningful ways to verify that they're coming from a trusted source. This also indicates that they can't be checked if they're running anything that the user doesn't want to run willingly. OOTB it also doesn't have any sandboxing capabilities unlike Flatpaks. AppImages generally not offering a generally easy way to update them, leaving the user with a potentially vulnerable software on the long run.
It is just not a reliable way of running applications compared to the alternatives. Hope this clarifies.

>     AppImages are not recommended, and some _openSUSE_ distributions like _MicroOS_ [not even supporting it](https://bugzilla.opensuse.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1198653)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    AppImages are executable, file-like application bundles which are somewhat controversial in the Linux community for their lack of UI consistency with the host system and for the security risks they might incur. Furthermore they are [not supported on MicroOS](https://bugzilla.opensuse.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1198653). For these reasons we recommend preferring other software procurement methods when possible. 
```

Reviewer 2: @why-not-try-calmer shouldn't we make it more explicit why AppImages are not recommended ?
also is this PR ready or is there something else to change/ review ?

Reviewer: Unless someone disagrees, this is 'merge material' to me!
